chore: Add subpages closing sentences (#168)
hyperlane-xyz/v3-docs: docs/guides/remove-trusted-relayer.mdx

  totalSupply: 0
  type: "native"
```

> By completing these steps, you've successfully removed the trusted relayer ISM from your Warp Route, enhancing the security of your warp route setup, and readiness for production use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By completing these steps, you've successfully removed the trusted relayer ISM from your Warp Route and enhanced the security of your warp route setup. Your warp route is now ready for production use.
```
